# Community connectors meetup - May 17 2018

| Location | KSUM Board Room 2 |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Date  | 17/05/2018  |
| Time  | 14:30 |
| Attendees | Ashok Kurian Panjikaran (KSUM)       |
|           | Varun G (KSUM)                       |
|           | Rohit Narayanan (KSUM)               |
|           | [Deepu S Nath (Faya)][deepu]         |
|           | Rashmi Sukumaran                     |
|           | Niyas Mohammed (Clap Research)       |
|           | Madhav M (UST)                       |
|           | [Rejah Rahim (Appfabs)][rejah]       |
|           | [Jikku Jose (Qucentis)][Jikku]       |              

## Agenda items
### Global Impact Challenge
 * Instead of a single winner, multiple winners must be selected.
 * Descent Prize must be given to all winners.
 * Parameters for evaluation must be defined.
 * Score and evaluation performance of each applicants to be sent as feedback.
 * Travel Assistance and Accommodation for applicants. 
 * Also include Health as a subject for GIC.
 * Should specify the facilities offered for GIC in the road show.
 * Option to fetch Day to Day feedback from applicants.
 * Need of SU local communities contribution stressed.
 * SU Trivandrum chapter page to be included in the SU Website.
 * One-minute promo video about GIC to be made.
 * To set up checkpoint dates for each action itemâ€™s progress monitoring.

## Action Items

  1. AKP will confirm the following before EOD 18th May
      * - [x] PRIZE MONEY CONFIRMATION
      * - [ ] TRANSPARENCY IN EVALUATION RESULT
      * - [ ] FACILITIES FOR PARTICIPANTS
      * - [ ] Limitations (If Any) in hacker earth to manage review process 
  2. Swathi 
      * - [ ] Road show
      * Connect Corporates for Sponsorship
        * - [ ] UST
        * - [ ] Suntech
  3. Rejah
      * - [x] Create Slack Channel
      * - [x] Github repo for maintaining documents for the event
      * - [ ] Put website live
      * - [ ] OWASP Chapter introduction of GIC
  4. Varun 
      * - [x] Domain registration for SUTrivandrum.com
      * - [ ] Get the Website code from developers 
  5. Jikku
      * - [ ] Evaluation criteria set (KPI)
      * - [ ] BIG Org event, GIC discuss
  6. Madhav
      * - [ ] Unity Community event, GIC and SU introduce       
  7. Rashmy
      * - [ ] Plan for an event in Bio and introduce GIC
  8. Deepu
      * - [ ] FAYA:80 GIC will be introduced to all 3 cities
      * - [ ] Mailer group can be utilized for reaching out tech enthusiasts
      * - [ ] Identify possibilities for maximum penetration of the event in Kerala
  9. Niyas
      * - [ ] Plan for an Ai event and introduce GIC
  10. Rohit 
      * - [ ] Will coordinate with each and make sure things happens as per plan.

## Summary

- Planning road show
- 3 questions for @AKP
- Video promo for the event
- Emphasized the reasoning for having good prize money
- Decided to inform about the event in every SU meetup
- Decided to use email list in every community forum possible


[jikku]: https://github.com/jikkujose
[deepu]: https://github.com/deepusnath
[rejah]: https://github.com/rejahrehim
